Diy-sls.com (the "Website," "we," "our," or "us is a secure website as we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of your personal information. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how we treat personal information that the website collects and receives, including information related to you're past use of our services. Personal information about you that identifies your name, address, email address, IP address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.

<strong>Information Collection and Use
General</strong>
The website collects personal information when you register with us. We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from other companies or government agencies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, address, phone number, email address and zip code. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
We collect information about your transactions with us and information about your use of the services that we offer.
The website automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you request.
We use information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for our services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our services, such as service announcements, administrative messages, special offers and and website Newsletter.


<h4>Confidentiality and Security</h4>
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.


<h4>Information Sharing and Disclosure</h4>
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include e-mail, providing search results and links, processing credit card payments, and providing chat service. They have limited access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We may use or share information in order to investigate, prevent illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.


<h4>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h4>
If required to update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email you entered or by placing a prominent notice on our site.


<h4>Wireless Policy</h4>
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising. In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS/EMAIL correspondence. You may opt-out and remove your SMS/EMAIL information by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message/EMAIL  you have received. If you remove your SMS information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you.

<h4>Detailed Wireless Policy</h4>
Data obtained from you in connection with this DIY service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS/EMAIL correspondence. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS/EMAIL messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. DIY SMS/EMAIL message services are provided on an AS IS basis.
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising. We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services. We may share aggregated and non personal information with third parties. When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.

You may remove your information from our database. If you remove your information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you. You may remove your information by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message/EMAIL you have received.